docs: add migration guideline and documentation for Navbar v5 [UFO-1810] (#3143)
contentful/forma-36: MIGRATION.md

There are still a couple of components that require manual migration, have a look at [the detailed documentation on how to do it](#changes-per-component-in-v4).

## Changes per component in v5

### Navbar

The Navbar component has undergone significant API and design changes in v5, including:

- No longer accepting `children` directly; use `mainNavigation` and `secondaryNavigation` instead.
- Several props have been removed or reorganized (see table below).
- New props for responsive/mobile navigation, accessibility, and layout variants.
- Compound components have changed or been removed.

For a **detailed migration guide, including prop mapping tables, code examples, and compound component changes**, see [packages/components/navbar/MIGRATION.md](./packages/components/navbar/MIGRATION.md).

#### Navbar prop overview table

> | Property Name               | Type                       | Description                                                                       | Status     |
> | --------------------------- | -------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
> | logo                        | React.ReactNode            | Accepts a React Component that will be displayed instead of the Contentful Logo   | new        |
> | promotions                  | React.ReactNode            | Promotions component, displayed on most left side                                 | new        |
> | switcher                    | React.ReactNode            | Environment Switcher component                                                    | no Changes |
> | mainNavigation              | React.ReactNode            | Main Navigation Elements                                                          | new        |
> | secondaryNavigation         | React.ReactNode            | Secondary Navigation Elements, displayed in the right side                        | new        |
> | account                     | React.ReactNode            | User Account Component                                                            | no Changes |
> | mobileNavigation            | React.ReactNode            | Navigation displayed on mobile versions                                           | new        |
> | mobileNavigationProps       | object                     | Props for mobile navigation                                                       | new        |
> | └─ breakpoint               | 'small' &#124; 'medium'    | Breakpoint to determine when to show the mobile navigation                        |            |
> | └─ label                    | string                     | Label of the mobile navigation trigger button (default: 'Menu')                   |            |
> | contentMaxWidth             | string                     | Defines the max-width of the content inside the navbar (default: '100%')          | no Changes |
> | className                   | string                     | Enables additional styling on the main navbar container                           | no Changes |
> | testId                      | string                     | sets test-id property. (default: 'cf-ui-navbar')                                  | no Changes |
> | variant                     | 'wide' &#124; 'fullscreen' | Describes the size variation of the Navbar. 'wide' sets contentMaxWidth to 1524px | new        |
> | aria                        | object                     | Aria labels for different areas of the navigation bar, improve accessibility      | new        |
> | └─ labelMainNavigation      | string                     | aria-label for main navigation                                                    |            |
> | └─ labelSecondaryNavigation | string                     | aria-label for secondary navigation                                               |            |
> | └─ labelPromotions          | string                     | aria-label for promotions                                                         |            |
> | └─ labelAccount             | string                     | aria-label for account                                                            |            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Property Name               | Type                       | Description                                                                       | Status     |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| `logo`                        | `React.ReactNode`            | Accepts a React Component that will be displayed instead of the Contentful Logo   | new        |
| `promotions`                  | `React.ReactNode`            | Promotions component, displayed on most left side                                 | new        |
| `switcher`                    | `React.ReactNode`            | Environment Switcher component                                                    | no Changes |
| `mainNavigation`              | `React.ReactNode`            | Main Navigation Elements                                                          | new        |
| `secondaryNavigation`         | `React.ReactNode`            | Secondary Navigation Elements, displayed on the right-hand side                        | new        |
| `account`                     | `React.ReactNode`            | User Account Component                                                            | unchanged |
| `mobileNavigation`            | `React.ReactNode`            | Navigation displayed on mobile versions                                           | new        |
| `mobileNavigationProps`       | `object`                     | Props for mobile navigation                                                       | new        |
| └─ `breakpoint`               | `small` &#124; `medium`    | Breakpoint to determine when to show the mobile navigation                        |            |
| └─ `label`                    | `string`                     | Label of the mobile navigation trigger button (default: 'Menu')                   |            |
| `contentMaxWidth`             | `string`                     | Defines the max-width of the content inside the navbar (default: `100%`)          | unchanged |
| `className`                   | `string`                     | Enables additional styling on the main navbar container                           | unchanged |
| `testId`                      | `string`                     | sets test-id property. (default: `cf-ui-navbar`)                                  | unchanged |
| `variant`                     | `wide` &#124; `fullscreen` | Describes the size variation of the Navbar. `wide` sets `contentMaxWidth` to `1524px` | new        |
| `aria`                        | `object`                     | Aria labels for different areas of the navigation bar, improve accessibility      | new        |
| └─ `labelMainNavigation`      | `string`                     | aria-label for main navigation                                                    |            |
| └─ `labelSecondaryNavigation` | `string`                     | aria-label for secondary navigation                                               |            |
| └─ `labelPromotions`          | `string`                     | aria-label for promotions                                                         |            |
| └─ `labelAccount`             | `string`                     | aria-label for account                                                            |            |
```

#### Removed Props

The following props will no longer be accepted by the Navbar Component. This table gives an overview of how to replace the contents in the new structure.

> | Property Name    | Type            | Description                                                                            |
> | ---------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | children         | React.ReactNode | Children elements to be rendered inside the Navbar and must be split accordingly       |
> | search           | React.ReactNode | Search component, should now be added to the secondaryNavigation as `Navbar.Item`      |
> | help             | React.ReactNode | Help component, should now be added to the secondaryNavigation as `Navbar.Item`        |
> | badge            | React.ReactNode | Badge component, badges can be added in secondary or mainNaviagation                   |
> | bottomRightItems | React.ReactNode | Items rendered on the bottom-right of the navbar, should now go to secondaryNavigation |
> | topRightItems    | React.ReactNode | Items rendered on the top-right of the navbar, should now go to the secondaryNavigaton |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Property Name    | Type            | Description                                                                            |
| ---------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `children`         | `React.ReactNode` | Children elements to be rendered inside the Navbar and must be split accordingly       |
| `search`           | `React.ReactNode` | Search component, should now be added to the secondaryNavigation as `Navbar.Item`      |
| `help`             | `React.ReactNode` | Help component, should now be added to the secondaryNavigation as `Navbar.Item`        |
| `badge`            | `React.ReactNode` | Badge component, badges can be added to the `mainNavigation` or `secondaryNavigation`                   |
| `bottomRightItems` | `React.ReactNode` | Items rendered on the bottom-right-hand side of the navbar, should now go to `secondaryNavigation` |
| `topRightItems`    | `React.ReactNode` | Items rendered on the top-right-hand side of the navbar, should now go to the `secondaryNavigation` |
```
